chore: simplify contributor guide (#1202)
juju/python-libjuju: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

In this guide, you will get an overview of the contribution workflow from opening an issue,
creating a PR, reviewing, and merging the PR.

To get an overview of the project, read the [README](https://github.com/juju/python-libjuju/blob/master/docs/readme.rst).

Discussions are very welcome in our Juju community, join our [public Mattermost channel](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/juju).

## Tooling

- `uv`, https://docs.astral.sh/uv/
- `pre-commit`, https://pre-commit.com/
- Python 3.8 ~ 3.13, https://www.python.org/downloads/

## Repository Settings

> - Commit titles have to follow https://www.conventionalcommits.org/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit titles must follow [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org), with the Juju project's [conventional commit types](https://github.com/juju/juju/blob/main/doc/conventional-commits.md)
```

Author: done
